Add SZG-ADC-LTC2268-14 bitfile and update README. (#1)
SYZYGYfpga/brain-fs: adc/README.md

## Overview

This sample project is designed to demonstrate usage of the POD-ADC-LTC2264-12 
or POD-ADC-LTC2268-14 SYZYGY module from Opal Kelly. This sample is designed 
to interface with the pod connected to PORT D on the Brain-1.

Both analog inputs on the ADC are deserialized by logic in the PL portion
of the Zynq and fed into PS memory by a DMA transfer.

This project is based heavily on Xilinx Application Note 524 (XAPP524) and
implements a simplified version of the design described by Xilinx.

## Bitfile Selection

By default, the simple scope example design uses the `syzygy_hub_adc.bit` file,
which is targeted for the SZG-LTC2264-12. You can either rename the
`syzygy_hub_adc_14.bit` file, which is targeted for the SZG-ADC-LTC2268-14, or

> change [this line](https://github.com/SYZYGYfpga/brain-fs/blob/master/www/simple-scope/setup.py#L12) to the file name of the bitfile desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rename the bit filename in [simple-scope setup.py](https://github.com/SYZYGYfpga/brain-fs/blob/master/www/simple-scope/setup.py#L12).
```

More robust incase something breaks the link.
